fix typo (#968)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: v3/tutorials/11-kitties-workshop/b-kitties-frontend/index.mdx

1. `Kitties.js`: this will render the Kitty pane, and contains the logics of fetching all kitties information from the connecting Substrate node.

> 1. `KittyCards.js`: this will render a React card component containing a Kitty's relevantin formation, avatar and buttons to interact with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `KittyCards.js`: this will render a React card component containing a Kitty's relevant information, avatar and buttons to interact with it.
```
